| Key | Value                                                                                               |
| --- |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date | 22.01.2025                                                                                          |
| Time | 15:30-16:30                                                                                         | 
| Location | Drebbelweg Cubicle 9                                                                                |
| Chair | David Vladuca                                                                                     |                                                                                   |
| Minute Taker | Mario Gonzalez Piniero                                                                                        |
| Attendees | David Vladuca, Andrei Tudor, Mario Gonzalez Piniero, Lachezar Marinov, Tom Holinka, James Sylwester |


- Opening by chair ( 1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? ( 1 min )
    - Every is doing good (Lachezar sad project is ending).
- Announcements by the team ( 1-2 min )
    - None
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? ( 1 min )
    - No additions.
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? ( 1 min )
    - Yes
- Announcements by the TA ( 1-2 minutes )
    - None
- Presentation of the current app to TA ( 2 min )
    - Delayed until later in the meeting.
    - TA found another bug on the collection search (where searching a match, then no matches, in the following match, no values shown)
    - Instructed to make everything as clear as possible (e.g., image download button with letter D or shortcuts) - readme should help.

- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss)
    - < Agenda - item 1 > Progress discussion ( 7 mins ):
        - Has everybody finished their tasks from last week?
            - Not everyone. Decided to finish everything by Friday.
        - Does someone need assistance with their tasks?
            - Not entirely clear, but James could use some help with image refreshing and Andrei with empty collection box bug. 
            
        - Have all the tasks we came up the previous week have been finished?
            - No. Merges created bugs, so current plan is to merge everything as soon as possible. 

        - Have we been able to implement the mandatory features?
            - Yes, although they need debugging.
        
        - Did we manage all the merge requests? 
            - No, merges have complicated it. 

        - Have the merge requests caused any issues, or are there potential concerns?
            - Yes, bugs have been created from incompatibilities. Concluding all merges and debugging takes utmost priority (especially for basic features).

    - < Agenda - item 2> Brainstorm ( 8 mins ):
        - Discuss how existing functionalities could be improved or reworked (taking into account that we don't have much time).
            - No additional functionalities. Just need to fix/debug current ones.

        - Is everything working as it is expected to?
            - No, bugs still present in multiple aspects. But these were listed and assigned. 

        - What bugs have we discovered?
            - Note to render collection (notes render when not in collection)
            - Empty collection box (default does not show in collection box)
            - Note search (shows only part of matches)
            - Image refresh (image does not show after being added)
            - Search functionality (displays unexpected behavior ocassionally) 

        - Discuss about changing readme.
            - Tom said he would do most.
            - All agreed to add main points of their parts.
            - Should be as holistic as possible (assume person reviewing is unaware of everything)
        
    - < Agenda - item 3> Brainstorm ( 8 mins ): Discuss what features could be added - design and functionality:
        - Discuss the state of the UI and additional features : What is our progress for now and what is to be done.
            - All main features done, but a few bugs present.
            - Need local css file for webview.

        - Discuss what we can manage in the short time until the code freeze.
            - Focus on basic functionalities first.
            - Stop implementing new features. Only debugging. 

- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? ( 2 min )
    - Note to render collection debug - Andrei
    - Empty collection box - Andrei
    - Search bugs - Mario
    - Collection-note interaction bugs - Andrei
    - Language fixes (post-merges) - Mario
    - Duplicate titles - Lachezar
    - Delete tag bug - David
    - CSS for webview - Tom
    - Readme file - Tom will start, all contribute
    
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time (next projects like this one)? ( 2 min )
    - Not having god-classes
    - Putting more care into code quality
    - Last session (sad)

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis-estimate ? ( 2 min )
    - Main agenda points more or less bundled into one
    - Ending perfectly on time, everything fairly well-timed.

- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? ( 1 min )
    - Good luck everyone! 
     
- Closure ( 1 min )