| Key | Value                                                                                               |
| --- |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date | 08.01.2025                                                                                          |
| Time | 15:30-16:30                                                                                         | 
| Location | Drebbelweg Cubicle 9                                                                                |
| Chair | James Sylwester                                                                                     |                                                                                   |
| Minute Taker | Andrei Tudor                                                                                        |
| Attendees | David Vladuca, Andrei Tudor, Mario Gonzalez Piniero, Lachezar Marinov, Tom Holinka, James Sylwester |


- Opening by chair ( 1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? ( 1 min )
  - Everyone is great
- Announcements by the team ( 1-2 min )
  - No
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? ( 1 min )
  - No
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? ( 1 min )
  - Yes
- Announcements by the TA ( 1-2 minutes )
  - For accesibility feedback & basic features: deadline this friday evening at 23:59 (the main must compile)
- Presentation of the current app to TA ( 2 min )
- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision-making / discuss)
    - < Agenda - item 1 > Progress discussion ( 7 mins ):
        - Has everybody finished their tasks from last week?
          - No, the pipeline affected us the whole holiday and couldn't finish some merge issues and merge requests.
        - How did the failing pipeline affect our progress?
          - Most of us will finish last week's tasks in this week.
        - Does someone need more time or help?
          - All unfinished previous week's issues will be finished this week; no help was requested.
        - Have all the tasks we came up the previous week have been finished?
          - No
        - Have we been able to add more additional functionalities
          - Yes, the languages functionality is pretty much done(including the flags for each language).
        - What non-programming aspects could we improve on?
          - Adding a time estimate, tags, milestones and labels for the issues we're working on. 
          - Creating a specific merge request for the issue we're working on.
          - Multiple commits for each merge request, for better documentation; each commit needs to have a reasonable nr of lines of code, not too many.
          - Each child task needs to have its own commit.
    - < Agenda - item 2> Brainstorm ( 8 mins ):
        - Discuss how existing functionalities could be improved or reworked (Focusing on the changes from the break):
        - Is everything working as it is expected to?
          - There have been some setbacks because of the pipeline issue.
        - How can we improve it?
          - Focus a lot on this week's progress in order to catch up.
        - How can we resolve merge conflicts and how can we better prepare for a possible failing pipeline in the future
          - We need to work with the current version of main and approve the merge requests that are open, if needed, before starting coding.
          - We need to also work throughout the week and not focus only on the weekend.
    - < Agenda - item 3> Brainstorm ( 8 mins ): Discuss what features could be added - design and functionality:
        - Discuss the state of Collections, Images and Tags: What is our progress for now and what is to be done.
          - The multi-collection feature needs to be implemented, the collections are not updated from / saved to the DB.
          - The tags still need some work: they're partially functioning.
          - We still need to implement the embeded images.
          - Last week's issues need to be finished this week.
          - IMPORTANT:
            - TILL THIS FRIDAY EVENING:
              - Note search issue
              - Duplicate titles issue
        - Will we implement the new look/UI?
          - Yes
    - < Agenda - item 4> Assign ( 5 mins ): Assign tasks to each team member for the week.
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? ( 2 min )
  - (!!!) Deadline this friday evening (23:59):
    - Note search issue - MARIO
    - Duplicate titles issue - TOM

  - Multi-collection feature - ANDREI
  - Fix edit collections view - ANDREI
  - Persist the language choice through restart - TOM
  - More shortcuts for accessibility - TOM
  - Update UI for all scenes/views - TOM/DAVID
  - Interconnected content/Tags/MD - DAVID
  - Embeded images - JAMES
  - Undo button - LACHEZAR
  - Empty title issue - LACHEZAR

  - Tests - EVERYONE
  - Note ID fix (whoever finds the bug)
  - Add clarifying comments - EVERYONE
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? ( 2 min )
  - It all went smooth.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis-estimate ? ( 2 min )
  - Good timing, it went well; we finished on time. Everything was on point.
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? ( 1 min )
  - No news about the knockout criteria for the holiday.
- Closure ( 1 min )