| Key | Value            |
| --- |------------------|
| Date : | 18.12.2024       |
| Time : | 15:30-16:30      | 
| Location : | Online           |
| Chair | Lachezar Marinov |
| Minute Taker | James Sylwester  |
| Attendees : | David Vladuca, Andrei Tudor, Mario Gonzalez Piniero, Lachezar Marinov, Tom Holinka, James Sylwester |


- Opening by chair ( 1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? ( 1 min )
    - Everyone was doing well
- Announcements by the team ( 1-2 min )
    - It was agreed to not use auto-merge anymore
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? ( 1 min )
    - No additions
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? ( 1 min )
    - Yes
- Announcements by the TA ( 1-2 minutes )
    - Whole team failed buddy check: Darius walked us throufh how to improve.
    - Follow the model and dont use transition words. Be as clear as possible
    - Briefly mentioned the Tasks and Planning feedback.
- Presentation of the current app to TA ( 2 min )
    - Asked about whether the unique note titles feature is implemented
    - Clarified that titles must only be unique within a collection
- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss)
    - < Agenda - item 1 > Progress discussion ( 7 mins ): 
          - Has everybody finished their tasks from last week? 
            - Yes
          - Does someone need more time or help? 
            - No, current conflict on gitlab is being resolved
          - Have all the tasks we came up the previous week have been finished?
            - Not all
            - Finished features: delete button, collection view, sync updates, changes to note titles, refresh and undo button, more search, and accessibility shortcuts
            - Collection database was not added
          - Are we done with the basic functionalities?
            - No, we need to ensure that note titles within a collection need to be unique  
    - < Agenda - item 2> Brainstorm ( 8 mins ): 
          - Discuss how existing functionalities could be improved or reworked (Focusing on the changes from the past 2 weeks):
              - Is everything working as it is expected to?
                - Still missing javadoc in some places
                - Live Language switch needs to be finalized
                - Undo button needs to be finalized
                - Collection search needs to be finalized
                - Error with updating note on server
              - How can we improve it?
                - Tasks were distributed accordingly to the original developer
      - < Agenda - item 3> Brainstorm ( 8 mins ): Discuss what features could be added - design and functionality: 
              - Discuss the state of Languages, Collections and Tags: What is our progress for now and what is to be done.
              - Discussion was well organised and to the point
              - MARIO: unique titles, gibberish and dutch language, finalise collection search
              - TOM: gibberish and dutch language, css on scenebuilder
              - LACHEZAR: Finalize undo button
              - ANDREI: Collection database and collection view functionality
              - DAVID: Implement Tags, replace buttons with icons and make a css template
              - JAMES: embed files
              - Additional possible/unassigned tasks:
                - Full screen options
                - moving notes from one collection to another
                - tests
              - DEADLINES 5TH JANUARY 2025
    - < Agenda - item 4> Assign ( 5 mins ): Assign tasks to each team member for the week.
        - Assignees can be seen above
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? ( 2 min )
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? ( 2 min )
    - No one had anything to mention
    - Future improvements:
        - Adds tests with each added functionality
        - Always add Javadoc
        - More than one task/issue per person per week
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis-estimate ? ( 2 min )
    - Timing was alright. Went on for a few minutes longer than expected. One group members exeperienced technical difficulties, delaying the start of the meeting
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? ( 1 min )
    - Questions about whether this week is conjoined with winter break in terms of knockout criteria: Yes.
- Closure ( 1 min )