| Key | Value                                                                                               |
| --- |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date : | 15.01.2025                                                                                          |
| Time : | 15:30-16:30                                                                                         | 
| Location : | Drebbelweg Cubicle 9                                                                                              |
| Chair | Andrei Tudor                                                                                        |
| Minute Taker | David Vladuca                                                                                       |
| Attendees : | David Vladuca, Andrei Tudor, Mario Gonzalez Piniero, Lachezar Marinov, Tom Holinka, James Sylwester |


- Opening by chair ( 1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? ( 1 min )
  - Good

- Announcements by the team ( 1-2 min )
  - None

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? ( 1 min )
  - There were no additions

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? ( 1 min )
  yes

- Announcements by the TA ( 1-2 minutes )
  - We should add error checkstyles (those that fail the pipeline)
  - The TA checked when was the project pulled for the feedback so that we know what version of our code was verified (it was checked 10 hours before the meeting)
  - The TA showed us some of our bugs (searching bug, you can have empty titles when you use shortcuts, you can have duplicated titles when you press enter and then switch)

- Presentation of the current app to TA ( 2 min )
- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss)
    - < Agenda - item 1 > Progress discussion ( 7 mins ):
      - Has everybody finished their tasks from last week?
        - Not everybody, we still have a lot to do

      - Does someone need more time or help?
        - Only Andrei needs more help for the collections (error 500)

      - Have all the tasks we came up the previous week have been finished?
        - No, only parts of them were finished

      - Is the new UI fully implemented?
        - Yes, some little additions and fixes needed (minor ones)

      - Have all the previous week's bugs been addressed?
        - Yes, but new ones appeared 

    - < Agenda - item 2> Brainstorm ( 8 mins ):
      - Discuss how existing functionalities could be improved or reworked (Focusing on the changes from the past week):
        - More chekcstyle fixes
        - To make the features work on different collections as well
        - Popup when server is unavailible
        - Imbeded images
        - More tests (more coverage, meaningfull additions)
        - Create more classes (we can't have more than 2000 lines in a classes)
        - Better encapsulation (manny attributes are public, when they should be private)

      - Is everything working as it is expected to?
        - No, manny bugs occured

      - How can we improve it?
        - Fixing our features and "playing" more with our app to find bugs

    - < Agenda - item 3> Brainstorm ( 9 mins ): Discuss what features could be added - design and functionality:
      - Discuss the state of Collections, Tags and Embedded Images : What is our progress for now and what is to be done.
        - Collections : only the fundation was added, still needs more work
        - Tags : the filtering doesn't work yet 
        - Embedded Images : partialy done, still need to make the images appear and to be able edit/delete the images

      - Discuss non-functional requirements
        - Just fixing bugs
 
    - < Agenda - item 4> Assign ( 5 mins ): Assign tasks to each team member for the week.
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? ( 2 min )
  - Filtering tags - David
  - Embeded files rendering - 
  - Tests - server(Mario, James), David 
  - Pop-ups editCollectionsView - Andrei
  - Checkstyles rules (10 rules that can fail the pipeline (errors)) - Tom
  - Solve checkstyles - Tom
  - Duplicated/empty titles when you change the note - Lachezar
  - Language further implementation - Mario
  - Public/private issues - everyone
  - Popup when adding notes - Tom
  - Readme - next meeting
  - We should finish as soon as possible (MR margin of error (1 day before the code freeze to be everything done))

- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? ( 2 min )
  - Try to breake the code, better checkstyle

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis-estimate ? ( 1 min )
  - On time with the overall duration, mis-estimated the summarize action points

- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? ( 1 min )
  - No questions

- Closure ( 1 min )